{'_id': 48, 'company_name': 'Atlas Antibodies AB', 'Company_url': 'https://www.atlasantibodies.com', 'Glassdoor': {}, 'Linkedin': {'company_name': 'Atlas Antibodies AB', 'company_website': 'https://www.atlasantibodies.com', 'sales_data': {'country': ['se', 'se', 'se'], 'sales_count': ['4', '2', '1']}, 'locations_data': {'se': ['Bromma']}, 'timestamp': datetime.datetime(2022, 5, 27, 7, 33, 24, 687436)}, 'Website': {'web_data': ['our latest blog post explores the pathology atlas,\xa0 an open-access database part of the human protein atlas with the scope of identifying the role of genes, rna, proteins, and metabolites in the complex human cancerous tissues and organs.', 'discover primary antibodies for neuroscience research on neuroinflammation, glioma, cortical layers, neural stem cells, and more.', 'st', 'the expression of all protein-coding genes in all major tissues and organs in the human body can be explored in the human protein atlas, an interactive database, which includes a catalog of proteins expressed in a tissue-oriented manner.', 'qprest webinar today at 5 pm cet', 'enjoy webinars, posters and visit our booth in the virtual exhibition.', 'contact', 'let’s meet at the labroots virtual cancer research and oncology conference, 2021', "don't miss our brain atlas webinar today", 'atlas antibodies has a very special story. the company was founded by researchers from the prestigious human protein atlas project, who wanted to make the unique antibodies used in the project available to fellow researchers worldwide.', 'multiplex ihc is a powerful investigative tool which allows for the simultaneous visualization of multiple proteins on a single section by using a specific antibody for each protein of interest. in our latest blog series "interview with a scientist", we investigate the past, present and future challenges of multiplex ihc.', 'stem cell', 'atlas antibodies will be exhibiting at labroots virtual event, neuroscience, on march 11th, 2020.', '“we were fortunate to have many potential buyers of evitria last year, but atlas antibodies has proven to be the right choice. the acquisition is a true partnership, and it genuinely feels like we are now a part of a bigger family. in addition, evitria and atlas antibodies both benefit from gaining access to a much wider customer base”, says', 'atlas antibodies is a supporter of the united nations global compact, a multi-year call to action on the universal principles on human rights, labor, environmental sustainability, and anti-corruption.', 'se91 6000 0000 0004 6991 6761', 'join our webinar on qprest standards', 'atlas antibodies at fens forum 2022 - atlas antibodies', 'a great opportunity to learn more about us and what we offer in neuroscience.', 'april 02, 2019', 'january 08, 2019', 'do you accept cookies?', 'atlas antibodies & t-cure biosciences', ', by analyzing the relative expression of the target protein in different samples using both ihc and transcriptomics.', 'meet us at fens forum 2022', 'western blot', 'april 12 - april 15, 2021 | online', '“we strive to be the most reliable partner for scientists studying or developing drugs targeting proteins, and we do this by building a family of best-in-class companies in this industry. with last year’s acquisitions of evitria and histocyte laboratories we significantly accelerated that journey. i am thrilled to have them both on board”, says nille klæbel, ceo at atlas antibodies.', 'introducing qprest+ protein standards', 'atlas antibodies is awarded iso 9001:2015 certification for quality management system', 'partnering', 'we wish to extend a sincere thank you to all our customers and partners in 2019. it has been a pleasure to work with you and we look forward to 2020!', "next week, we will be at the\xa0isscr 2019 annual meeting in los angeles, ca, usa. if you are planning to attend the meeting, make sure to visit our booth, #1027. we look forward to meeting you and to hear about your research! we're also happy to give you a demonstration on how to use the human protein atlas\xa0and present our antibodies for stem cell research.", 'the open-access resource for human proteins', 'we continuously expand our portfolio of cancer research related products. our latest set of mouse monoclonals focuses on markers for glioma and neuroendocrine tumors.', 'join us at bna 2021, festival of neuroscience!', 'october 11, 2021', 'middle east', 'triple a polyclonals', 'atlas antibodies acquires histocyte laboratories ltd.', 'press release', 'is content with the expansion of the group, but ambitions remain high, and establishing new partnerships is an essential part of the company’s growth strategy.', 'discover primary antibodies for cancer research, including oncology biomarkers, emt markers, breast cancer, and colorectal cancer markers.', '“we are delighted to welcome nille as the new ceo of atlas antibodies” says torben jørgensen, chairman of the board of directors and continues: “with her strong background in marketing and sales and knowledge of the life sciences, pharma and healthcare industries, nille is highly equipped to lead the next important steps in the development of atlas antibodies into a global life sciences company.”', 'of proteins in biological samples such as cell lysate and plasma using liquid chromatography (lc)–mass spectrometry (ms).', 'about atlas antibodies', 'the impressive results are partly driven by the acquisitions of swiss company evitria and', 'we are delighted to release 50 new precisa monoclonals focusing on protein targets for cancer research, including markers for cancer processes and different tumor types.', 'this year the annual aacr meeting will be held in two parts, and we are thrilled to be a part of this exciting online meeting. by registering for the meeting, you have access during both weeks of the conference, and can also take part in all the great sessions up until the 21:st of june 2021 on demand.', 'control antigens', 'november 26, 2019', 'new antibody targeting microglial marker tmem119', 'se-223 63 lund', 'february 04, 2019', 'events', 'this really is an amazing story! when i was still in the lab as a scientist, i was very grateful to have access to this big amount of data. so, thank you very much for that!', 'july 11 - july 15, 2020 | glasgow', 'january 03, 2019', 'but how do you select the proper controls? the task to select and apply the correct controls is not easy. selection of appropriate controls is not purely a technical issue. it requires in-depth knowledge of how the test will be used.', 'going to the alpbach affinity proteomics workshop?', 'founded by researchers from the human protein atlas', 'february 18, 2019', 'how much time do you spend making a decision for the right control for your primary antibody? and how do you know if you\xa0make the right choice?', 'atlas antibodies is pleased to announce it has received iso 9001:2015 certification. iso 9001 is the internationally recognized standard for a quality management system (qms) and organizations adhere to the standard to organize and continually improve business processes and efficiency.', 'atlas antibodies will be exhibiting at labroots virtual cancer research and oncology conference, october 7 -8, 2020', 'february 26, 2020', "in part i, we'll share our best advice on tissue processing and handling. the most common cause of poor immunostaining is not the technique itself but the potential influence on the antigenic sites during tissue preparation. the quality of the staining, resulting from the antibody-antigen binding, is to a degree affected by alterations during tissue handling and tissue processing. some proteins are most susceptible to changes in fixation than others. read our blog to learn how to make sure you get the most out of your tissue samples.", 'march 10, 2022 | online', 'precisa monoclonals', 'november 19, 2019', 'laboratories has established a significant presence in important markets such as the uk and usa. the company has a', 'interview with dr. mulder, director of the brain atlas', 'atlas antibodies at labroots virtual cancer research and oncology conference, october 7 -8, 2020', 'join us at ascb in washington dc', 'the brain atlas one of the latest additions to the human protein atlas database, bringing human brain mapping to a new level.', 'interested in neuroscience and the human brain? decorate your lab or office with our poster that presents the research behind the new brain atlas.', 'we also would like to take this opportunity to inform about our shipping and business hours during the holidays.', 'we are happy to announce the release of 1,200 new triple a polyclonals™. atlas antibodies now offers over 22,000 highly validated primary antibodies for tissue and cell analysis.', 'ihc controls: primary antibody controls', 'do you know how many buffers can affect you ihc staining? in our latest blog post, we offer 10 essential tips on how to choose and prepare buffers for ihc.', 'in our new blog post, we help you on your way to figuring out which controls to use in your experiment,', 't-cure biosciences, inc. and atlas antibodies ab have entered a collaboration agreement for the development, manufacture, and supply of ct83 (kk-lc-1) monoclonal antibodies for diagnostic use.', 'antibody to detect the protein of interest.', 'september 17, 2019', 'using antibodies for human proteins in another model organism', 'ideon science park', 'is a trusted partner for full', 'atlas antibodies’ products enriches biomol’s offer', 'vat number', 'how to succeed with your ihc - antigen retrieval', 'january 13, 2020', 'learn more about the human protein atlas and our origin.', 'antibodies of exceptional quality with outstanding service levels with respect to turnaround time and material quantity. with a track record of', '. we look forward to seeing you there!', 'new precisa monoclonals for analysis of brain and neuroendocrine tumors', 'february 04, 2020', 'precisa monoclonals™ are mouse monoclonals developed against several carefully selected target proteins. we select clones recognizing unique non-overlapping epitopes and/or isotypes. precisa monoclonals are epitope mapped with defined specificity and isotyped to be ideal for multiplexing.', 'atlas antibodies develops, produces, and globally markets and sells advanced reagents for biomedical research. the company originates from the human protein atlas project and was founded in 2006 by researchers at the royal institute of technology (kth) and uppsala university. atlas antibodies is based in stockholm, and is majority owned by patricia industries, the private investment arm of wallenberg-controlled investment company investor ab.', 'fens forum is the largest european international gathering for neuroscientists. the conference will cover “all domains in modern brain research from basic to translational research”. apart from taking an active role in all the great science, you also get the opportunity to network and explore all the different exhibits. please stop by our booth #', 'september 05, 2019 | stockholm, sweden', 'and other proteins.', 'atlas antibodies ab appoints nille klæbel as new ceo', 'about us - atlas antibodies', 'our products are available worldwide and we deliver to most destinations. for any other locations, please find your local supplier below.', 'how to succeed with your ihc - tissue processing', 'register today at the', 'atlas antibodies acquires evitria', 'antibodies - including bispecific and fusion antibodies -', 'we will be joined by scientists from the human protein atlas, and we are all looking forward to giving you a demo of the cell atlas. come by our booths #425 and #427.', 'interview with a scientist - the past, present and future of the cell atlas', 'discover primary antibodies for stem cell research, including embryonal,\xa0 neural and mesenchymal stem cell markers.', 'atlas antibodies will be exhibiting at the aacr meeting in atlanta, march 29 - april 3. visit us in booth 3245\xa0and get a demo of the', 'october 22, 2019', 'in 2014, we expanded our product offering to include', 'investor relations', 'we hope to see you there.', 'to be held on march 11-13 in austria.', 'stockholm, sweden, september 15, 2019. atlas antibodies ab, a leading supplier of advanced research reagents, announced today the introduction of', 'these antibodies originating from the human protein atlas project are available under the brand', 'learn more about the human protein atlas and our origin', 'the antigen retrieval step can be the key to succeeding with your ihc experiment. sample fixation in ihc can lead to protein cross-linking, which masks antigens limiting the antigen-antibody binding. antigen retrieval is the technique in which the masking of an epitope is reversed, and epitope-antibody binding is restored. read our blog to learn all about antigen retrieval.', 'include controls for pd-l1, her2, er, pr, eml4-alk, ros1, npm-alk, hpv and p16, with many more in development. our latest controls\xa0for mismatch repair (mmr) consist of four different cell lines with loss of and intact expression for mlh1, pms2, msh2 and msh6.', 'qprest+ is an extension of our qprest™ product line for targeted proteomics', 'come by our booth and tell us about your research and let us know what we can offer to help. we will be joined by scientists from the human protein atlas, and we are all looking forward to giving you a demo of the brain atlas, the latest addition to the human protein atlas.', 'bank details', 'free poster introducing the blood atlas', '(laughs) you are welcome, that’s so good to hear! the aim of the academic project was to map and produce data that is publicly available for the research community. but that is also good for atlas antibodies as a company, because it´s a very transparent work because the data is public. the customers can make their own choice for a negative and positive control and plan their analysis.', 'co-development program', 'our mouse monoclonal', 'scheelevägen 15', 'our conference schedule is updated with new meetings and conferences, and we hope to have the opportunity to meet you during the year.\xa0atlas antibodies will exhibit at the aacr, isscr, hupo, sfn meetings and several more international conferences during 2019. if\xa0 you are planning to attend any of these events we hope to see you in our booth.', 'distributors - atlas antibodies', 'read our latest blog post to find out.', 'atlas antibodies | primary antibodies for tissue analysis - atlas antibodies', 'eml4-alk, ros1, npm-alk, hpv and p16.', 'meet us at aacr in atlanta', 'september 22, 2021 | online', 'the pathology atlas - a discovery journey in cancer research', 'join us at the virtual labroots cell biology conference, 2021', 'we are joining the british neuroscience association, festival of neuroscience, between april 12–15 2021. the festival brings together the global neuroscience community in an online environment. we are excited to be part of this event, as it is an opportunity to facilitate scientific knowledge exchange worldwide.', 'of a', 'board & management', 'click below for a detailed outline of our commitment to sustainable business development, and how we measure our success.', 'precisa monoclonals, precise, accurate and targeted monoclonal antibodies. in 2012, atlas antibodies started in-house development of mouse monoclonal antibodies against a selected number of targets. we have named them', 'for same-slide use in histopathology. current', '" is held today at 12 pm et, hosted by aaas/science.', "let's meet in 2019 - upcoming conferences", 'april 16, 2019', 'has been singularly', 'an overview of the cell atlas on the human protein atlas', 'asia', 'dr. caroline kampf, chief scientific officer at atlas antibodies, gave an interview for our new distributor biomol from germany. she talked about the history of our company, the high specificity of our polyclonal antibodies, applications for the customers and much more…', 'all products', 'our new blog post is here to help you on your way to discovering the potential of the human protein atlas.', 'june 18, 2019 | atlanta', 'is validated for ihc, wb and icc-if.\xa0the target specificity of the anti-tmem119 antibody has been confirmed using', 'primary antibody controls are used to verify the specificity of the primary antibody binding to the antigen of interest. also, controls for the primary antibody are applied to confirm the correctness of the preanalytical ihc phase related to sample preparation, such as fixation,\xa0 post fixation, storage, and\xa0processing. it is important to include these controls for each new antibody, protocol, and\xa0application that you test.', 'strong growth trajectory that is expected to accelerate as acceptance of cell line controls increases rapidly.', 'an ihc\xa0experiment is a combination of three major elements: the sample, the application that is used\xa0and the experimental protocol. an excellent ihc staining is achieved when all the required elements, qualities and characteristics are matched perfectly. what if your experiment does not turn out as you planned? if you are looking for suspects to blame for artifacts in your ihc experiment, the three usual suspects are the sample, the antibodies and the protocol.', 'histocyte laboratories', 'today we are delighted to introduce a new\xa0precisa\xa0monoclonal targeting tmem119.', 'targeting all human proteins', 'atlas antibodies ab', 'with protein- and personalized medicine-research booming, researchers from all over the world go to atlasantibodies.com to shop their massive catalogue of polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies for cancer, neuroscience, and other types of tissue research. this shows in the annual financial performance of the company:', '. the triple a polyclonals are since then been manufactured by atlas antibodies in our facilities in sweden and distributed worldwide.\u200b', 'take with you any of our handpicked and best resources for people working within cancer research', "in today's blog post, we interview dr. peter thul, group leader at the human protein atlas (hpa) project, stockholm, sweden. dr. thul is one of the scientists behind the cell atlas: a database that provides high-resolution insights into the expression and spatio-temporal distribution of proteins within human cells. we asked peter 10 questions about the past, the present, and the future of the cell atlas.", 'cancer is a collection of related diseases in which some of the body’s cells begin to divide without stopping and spread into surrounding tissues. there are at least 200 forms of cancer, and many more subtypes. different cancers can require different treatments, like chemotherapy, radiation therapy, or immunotherapy. but how do cancers differ in types? how is the same cancer different among individuals?', 'multiplexing - how to stain multiple proteins in the same cell or tissue?', 'is the ability of the', 'the', 'separating proteins with a similar size in wb', 'december 19, 2019', 'contact - atlas antibodies', "critical for the project's success was the availability of highly specific antibodies for all human proteins. as it was not possible to source all of the antibodies with the required quality needed, a standardized manufacturing process with rigorous quality control, was developed. the in-house development ensured that the antibodies met the high level of specificity and selectivity required for the project to succeed.", 'december 03, 2021', 'can you make use of an antibody that targets a human protein in another model organism? under the right conditions, the answer is yes! there are a few things you need to consider before you start. learn more in our new blog.', 'we are looking forward to seeing you in 2019!', 'sales office', 'september 15, 2019', 'focused on transient expression of recombinant antibodies in cho cells. this long-standing and deep focus allows the company to deliver', 'as a rule, the complex biology and spatial organization of tissues and solid tumors pose a scientific and diagnostic challenge that is not sufficiently well addressed by standard immunohistochemistry (ihc) procedures. how come this is the case? the answer is that single ihc staining provides data on only one marker at a time. so, how do you stain multiple proteins in the same cell or tissue? learn more in our latest blog.', 'the alpbach workshop is regarded as one of the best meetings on antibodies and other protein-binding molecules and their role in defining the proteome. we look forward to presenting our efforts into antibody validation at the meeting and how enhanced validation ensures reliable research results.', 'head office', 'africa', 'join us at aacr 2021, virtual meeting in april and may!', 'new white papers - neural stem cell markers and mesenchymal stem cell markers', 'join us at sfn in chicago', 'human protein atlas launches the brain atlas, blood atlas and metabolic atlas', 'evitria', 'week 1: april 10 – 15; week 2: may 17 - 21', 'this website uses cookies to provide you with a better user experience. learn about how we use cookies and how to change the cookie settings in our', 'se-168 69 bromma', 'on january 11–13 2021, we will be joining the world’s largest neuroscience community for sfn global connectome: a virtual event. this event is an opportunity to facilitate scientific knowledge exchange worldwide.', 'april 10, 2021', 'how to determine the validity of an antibody for use in western blot', 'cancer', 'february 23, 2022', 'is an established, global antibody expression', 'the human protein atlas (hpa) is a unique world-leading effort to map\xa0all the proteins in cells, tissues, and organs in the human body using antibody-based imaging, mass spectrometry-based proteomics, transcriptomics, and systems biology.', 'our group', 'june 21 - june 26, 2021 | online', 'north america', 'revenue grew from 128 million sek in 2020 to 324 million sek in 2021, through a combination of strong organic business growth (31 pct.) and significant acquisition activity.', 'how buffers and chemicals affect the success of your ihc experiment', 'availability for answering questions, connecting, and networking with us', 'proteins using mass spectrometry', 'our products', 'register today for our free webinar "quantitative analysis of plasma proteins by targeted mass spectrometry”, held on february 25, 2020.', 'atlas antibodies at labroots virtual event 2020', 'june 25, 2019', 'march 19, 2019', 'august 03, 2021', 'atlas antibodies has agreed to acquire evitria, a world leader in transient recombinant antibody expression in cho cells. this transformative acquisition brings together a leading provider of highly validated research antibodies and a front-runner in the field of custom recombinant antibody expression.', 'swift address', 'july 09, 2022 | paris, in-person', 'may 28, 2019', 'address', 'the brain atlas: a road map through the complex protein signature of the brain', 'iban bank account no.', 'our group - atlas antibodies', 'july 22, 2019', 'for same-slide use in histopathology. current products', 'handsess', 'to 10', 'we will be exhibiting at the largest online meeting in the world for cell biologists.', 'highlights from sfn in chicago', ', based in newcastle, uk. both companies add valuable knowledge, solutions, and production sites to the atlas antibodies family.', 'distributors', 'meet our onsite team, ready to answer any questions you might have.', 'read the blog\xa0to discover how the pathology atlas allow pathologists to improve testing methods to predict and find new treatments to fight cancer.', 'undamental to', 'december 01 - december 10, 2021 | online', 'do you have your ihc controls under control? new atlas antibodies blog', 'join us at neuroscience 2019, an online conference hosted by labroots. the conference starts today at 2 pm cet/ 6 am pt. listen to great talks, check out posters and find us and other companies in the exhibition hall. registration is free and no travel is needed. we hope to see you there! you can also access the conference content on demand after the live dates.', 'located in zurich, switzerland. they specialize in cho-based transient', 'november 20, 2019', 'december 05, 2019 | washington dc', 'and the', 'past, present and future challenges of multiplex ihc', 'march 11, 2020', 'united nations global compact', 'october 07, 2020', 'formed in 2014,', 'august 20, 2021', 'now you can read\xa0the first part of our multi-chapter guide to succeeding with your ihc.', '3 steps to publish a paper using the tissue atlas - a case study', 'e-mail', 'our story', 'a selection of handpicked and best resources for scientists working within neuroscience.', 'november 04, 2019', 'south america', 'located in zurich, switzerland. they', 'success', 'outsourcing of antibody production for research purposes, to manage capacity bottlenecks, or to pursue single projects.', 'meet us at isscr in atlanta', 'we hope to meet you in seville, spain.', 'our extensive catalog\xa0of highly characterized antibodies and our exclusive partnership with the human protein atlas project\xa0provides us with a unique position to perform directed biomarker discovery research. atlas antibodies currently have several proprietary biomarkers available for licensing.', 'june 11, 2019', 'meet our onsite team and learn more about us as a company', 'new monoclonals for cancer research', 'was initiated in 2003 by swedish researchers, headed by professor mathias uhlén, and is funded by the knut and alice wallenberg foundation. it is a unique world-leading effort to create a complete map of human protein expression and localization in normal tissues, cancers, and cell lines. the project launched a first version of the complete human tissue proteome in 2016 as the tissue atlas, the subcellular proteome in 2017 and continues to add additional layers of knowledge exploring the human proteome.', 'atlas antibodies nearly tripled its size during 2021 - atlas antibodies', 'cell biology', 'triple a polyclonals, the antibodies from the human protein atlas', 'since its inception in 2010,', 'march 08, 2019', 'mapping the human brain - a guide to the brain atlas', 'expression of antibodies - including bispecific and fusion antibodies - and other proteins.', 'we are excited to take part in the first ever fens virtual neuroscience meeting taking place between july 11 – 15', 'may 14, 2019', 'triple a polyclonals™ are rabbit polyclonals developed\xa0within the human protein atlas project and made available to the scientific community by atlas antibodies. the antibodies are validated on all major tissues and organs in the human body. there are 500 staining images to look at for each antibody to facilitate your\xa0decision.', 'pick up any of our fun giveaways and take with you home', '53', 'april 28, 2022', 'primary', 'the ascb/embo meeting starts this weekend in washington dc and we hope to see you there.', ', recombinant protein fragments used as immunogens for generating triple a polyclonals and precisa monoclonals. the prest antigens are recombinant human protein epitope signature tags (prests), consisting of 50-150 amino acids, and are designed to have as low sequence identity as possible to other human proteins. the prest antigens are provided as complements to our antibodies for control experiments.', 'our business hours', 'what can you expect from us?', 'weekdays 9am - 4pm cet phone:', 'th', 'sweden', 'our products in action', 'fax: \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 +46 8 54 59 58 51', 'stockholm / zürich, july 28, 2021', 'orders', 'se556682808201', 'see you at the 2022 eacr conference', 'we hope to meet you at sfn in chicago later this week!', 'atlas antibodies presents qprest standards for absolute quantification of', 'this year the annual isscr meeting will be held virtually but accessible worldwide. we are excited to be joining this global stem cell event, as it is the most comprehensive gathering within stem cell science and regenerative medicine out there.', 'offers high quality, reproducible and cost-effective analyte control material', "ascb's virtual cell bio 2021", 'april 23, 2019', 'to reflect both the core values at atlas antibodies and our swedish origin. we offer a growing portfolio of monoclonals for use in various applications and research areas. the swedish word "precisa" stands for precise, accurate and targeted. a perfect description of our mouse monoclonal antibodies.', 'new blog - artifacts in ihc: the usual suspects', 'professor mathias uhlén and dr. evelina sjöstedt from the human protein altas will give you an introduction to the new brain atlas section of the human protein atlas and to the research behind it.', 'neuroscience', 'but how to validate an antibody for western blot?', 'and the joy goes both ways.', 'tmem119 (transmembrane protein 119) is a useful marker for studying microglia. an advantage over other microglial markers is that tmem119 is specific for microglia, and not expressed by macrophages.', 'new blog post - how do i know if i can trust my antibody?', 'general inquiries', 'search', 'resources', 'news - atlas antibodies', 'https://www.biomol.com/blog/detail/scategory/206/blogarticle/200 - atlas antibodies', 'join us at isscr 2021, the virtual global stem cell event', 'october 16, 2019', 'human protein atlas', 'our success has been acknowledged by both the swedish scientific community, where atlas antibodies has been nominated as one of sweden\'s most promising young technology companies for three consecutive years, and by the swedish daily financial paper dagens industri as one of the fastest-growing companies in sweden. in 2014 atlas antibodies was also the proud recipient of the swedishlabtech award for our contributions to the antibody-based exploration of the human proteome using triplea polyclonals. in 2018 we were delighted to be highly commended in citeab\'s\xa02018 awards for "most exciting antibody validation initiative".', 'see you at the virtual labroots neuroscience conference, 2021!', 'in collaboration with science/aaas, we\'re introducing the webinar "the brain atlas: a road map through the complex protein signature of the brain", to be held on november 20.\xa0 register today to learn about the research behind the brain atlas from human protein atlas scientists.', 'company and events', 'january 22, 2019', 'laboratories offers high quality,', 'released the 19th version of the database including three new atlases; the brain atlas, the blood atlas and the metabolic atlas.', 'pick up any of our fun giveaways.', 'specialize in cho-based transient expression of', 'august 25, 2021 | online', 'the human body is the results of trillion of cells communicating with each other. early biologists described cells as simple membranous sacs containing fluid and a few floating particles. today we know that cells are infinitely more complex than that. in our latest blog, you can learn about the cell atlas, part of the human protein atlas, for insights into the spatio-temporal distribution of proteins within human cells. discover how you can use the cell atlas in our research.', 'march 05, 2020', 'more than 75,000 transfections performed and more than 12,000 antibody-based molecules purified,', "proteins\u202fof the same\u202flength\u202for similar size such as isoforms of the same protein, are difficult to separate using the western blot application. with some adjustments you can however achieve great results. in today's blog post we share our best tips.", 'webinar introducing the brain atlas', 'reproducible and cost-effective analyte control', 'read our blog post to', 'our story - atlas antibodies', ".\xa0\xa0we're looking forward to hearing about your research and discuss what we can offer for your cancer research needs.", 'histocyte', 'events - atlas antibodies', 'read our new blog post to learn how to control your ihc by choosing the right primary\xa0antibody \xa0controls. don’t forget to subscribe to the blog to never miss a new post.', 'january 28, 2020', 'december 21, 2021', 'prest antigens', 'march 29, 2019', 'atlas antibodies nearly tripled its size during 2021', 'atlas antibodies ab has signed an agreement to acquire uk company histocyte laboratories ltd. histocyte laboratories’ portfolio of innovative cell line materials provides control of immunohistochemical assays used in the diagnosis of cancers. these materials have uniquely tissue-like properties that enhance the quality of tissue-based assays.', 'f', 'learn how to use the human protein atlas: part i - three ways to navigate the tissue atlas', 'see you at the 2022 eacr conference - atlas antibodies', 'research areas', 'june 21, 2020', "in today's blog post, we interview dr. jan mulder, group leader of the fluorescence tissue profiling facility at karolinska institutet, sweden. dr. mulder is the director of the brain atlas, the latest addition to the human protein atlas database. we asked dr. mulder 10 questions about the past, the present, and the future of the brain atlas.", 'october 15, 2019', 'i started at atlas antibodies in 2016, so it´s more than five years now. but i was working very close with atlas antibodies before, being a co-founder of the human protein atlas, which is the heritage of atlas antibodies.\u202f the position i have is chief scientific officer, and i enjoy to work with our fantastic products and in a fantastic team. so that is about my position. and about myself: i exercise often and spend a lot of time outdoors. that is very important, especially because we spend so much time at a desk in front of a computer in meetings and so on. so, i love to jog or just take a walk to reflect and think.', 'the first version of the human protein atlas database was released at the human proteome organizations (hupo) meeting in 2005. it received an overwhelmingly positive response. shortly afterward the human protein atlas researchers started to be asked by fellow researchers if they could obtain the antibodies for use in their own research. this led to the establishment of atlas antibodies in 2006, to commercialize the antibodies developed by the human protein atlas project.', 'atlas antibodies is pleased to announce nille klæbel as the new ceo with effect from 15 september 2021.', 'today, the', 'in science, experimental controls eliminate alternative explanations of experimental results. in ihc, controls are necessary for the validation of staining results.', 'discover primary antibodies for cell biology research, including organelle markers, integrin markers, and laminin markers.', 'october 29, 2019', 'labroots online neuroscience conference march 13-14', 'in our latest blog post, we explain how you can identify which of the suspects are causing problems in your staining and what to do about it.', 'our achievements', 'the webinar "', 'thanks for the opportunity to ask you a few questions! first of all, can you tell us something about yourself and your position at atlas antibodies?', 'we hope to see you in paris, france, at the first live conference in a long time.', 'we’re attending the annual\xa0labroots neuroscience virtual conference, on\xa0august 25th, 2021 and we hope to see you there.\xa0this online-only event is free to attend and will bring together the neuroscience community to discuss the newest advances in understanding the human brain, neuropsychiatric disorders, and behavioral processes.\xa0this time, the event will remain open for two years after closing meaning you’ll have access to all resources and webinars for unlimited on demand viewing until 2023!', 'service provider', 'now you can read\xa0the second part of our multi-chapter guide to succeeding with your ihc. this time, the focus is on antigen retrieval.', 'voltavägen 13a (visiting address voltavägen 13)', 'our mission', 'finance', 'february 19, 2019', 'on december 1', 'march 13, 2019', 'june 20, 2022 | seville, in-person', 'primary antibodies', 'material', 'read our case study and find out how the human protein atlas was used in the study.', 'n our latest blog post, we share the story from when human protein atlas scientists were contacted by another research team with a question and a problem. this lead to a collaboration and published paper on a potential drug target for diabetes type ii.', 'at atlas antibodies we are\xa0proud to sponsor the', 'free poster of the human brain', 'biomarker licensing', 'the swedish biotech company atlas antibodies lands its best annual results to date. strategic acquisitions and a progressive business plan have paved the way for organic growth above 30 pct. and a nearly three-fold increase in revenue.\xa0danish ceo nille klæbel is persistently on the lookout for more companies to add to the atlas antibodies family of protein-centric businesses.', 'read full interview on', 'join us at sfn global connectome!', 'connect with us at labroots virtual neuroscience event!', 'atlas antibodies at aacr virtual annual meeting ii june 22 – 24, 2020', 'can you tell us a bit about the history of the company? your story is quite special.', 'don’t miss our webinar today on qprest™ standards for absolute quantification using mass spectrometry.', 'we will be participating in this 4-day conference dedicated to basic, preclinical, and translational cancer research across a wide range of topics. the congress will join the cancer research community and highlight the latest research. not only is this a great opportunity to immerse yourself in all the science but you can also explore the exhibition hall and network at the event. we will be there exhibiting, and you can find us in booth 72 where our team hopes to meet you.', 'january 11, 2021', 'yes, as i said, it´s been an amazing history of atlas antibodies since we founded the human protein atlas in 2003. in an academic project, we decided to produce antibodies to all proteins of the human body! and i think that this was such a cool and bold effort, and i am very proud of it. and then we started the human protein atlas and mapped every protein in the body by producing antibodies in a very standardized way. we also validate the antibodies with regards to in which tissues and in which cells they locate their target proteins. the next step is to proof, that the antibodies really work. we validate them on up to 44 different normal tissues and common cancer types. so, we built a protein factory from a to z! and we are the original manufacturer, which is very important if you ask me. after a couple of years, we had a lot of antibodies in this academic project. then people were approaching us and asked if they could get some antibodies, because they are interested in a special protein and nobody else had antibodies for that protein. this was 20 years ago! we decided then to found atlas antibodies in 2006. every year, we map 1000 proteins and make the antibodies available at atlas antibodies. for now, we nearly mapped the whole human proteome with the human protein atlas. so, i think this is a really cool history.', 'two strategic acquisitions', 'are you looking for antibodies currently not available in our catalog, and interested in developing the antibody together with us? participate in our co-development program.', 'scientific support', 'stockholm / newcastle upon tyne, february 15, 2021', 'february 15, 2021', 'is an established, global antibody expression service provider', 'interested in stem cells? whether you are\xa0working in the field\xa0are simply interested in learning about different types of stem cells, download and read our two new white papers.', 'products include controls for pd-l1, her2, er, pr,', 'from our facilities\xa0in stockholm, sweden we develop, manufacture and distribute highly advanced reagents to the life sciences community worldwide.', 'october 06 - october 07, 2021 | online', '1,200 new triple a polyclonals', 'in line with our business values, \xa0we have pledged to continually improve the integration of the global compact and its principles into our business strategy, culture, and daily operations.', 'atlas antibodies at fens 2020', 'more info to come.', 'building on our heritage with the human protein atlas project, we provide highly validated reagents that enable leading research in biology, pathology and medicine for the purpose of understanding and improving human health.', 'europe', 'oceania', 'we look forward to taking part in the second edition of aacr annual virtual event ii, replacing the cancelled physical event planned for april 24 - 29, 2020.', 'news & press releases', "in today's blog post, we share our favorite highlights from the annual society for neuroscience (sfn) meeting last month. the sfn meeting features\xa0the latest discoveries in brain research, from the basic mechanisms, to translational and clinical studies. this year, the conference celebrated its 50th anniversary in the “windy city”, chicago, il, usa. unsurprisingly, this convention attracted close to 30,000 delegates around the workings of the brain “the universe between your ears” unassuming, but possibly, the most complex structure of the universe.", 'about us', 'procedure', 'prest antigen™ are recombinant protein fragments used as immunogens to generate\xa0triple a polyclonals™ antibodies and\xa0precisa monoclonals™ antibodies. the prest antigens are useful as control antigens, for example as blocking agents and positive assay controls together with the corresponding antibody.', 'starting today you can order a free poster presenting the blood atlas to learn about the blood proteins and human secretome.', 'choosing a highly validated antibody with premium quality\xa0is\xa0an essential starting point to drive your results in the desired direction. it is important to choose an antibody that can be trusted, that is reproducible, and that work in specific tissue-application combination you plan to use. even a good antibody can fail if used in the wrong context. so, if you do have a choice, look for an antibody you can trust and increase your chances of success. but how can you know if you can trust an antibody? read our\xa0new blog post to find out.', 'a fundamental part of studying and understanding human biology is the study of tissue-specific gene expression and protein levels. tissue-specific gene expression can result in the presence or absence of a certain protein, leading to the profound functional variation of biological processes among tissues. this means,\xa0the knowledge of protein profiles in a given tissue is critical to understanding the unique characteristics of the various cell types and their functions in the human body.', 'business hours during the holidays', 'july 28, 2021', 'a great opportunity to learn more about what we offer in cancer research']}}